CAM-13361: feat(project): add maven wrapper (#1394)
camunda/camunda-bpm-platform: TESTING.md

# No Maven? No problem!

This project provides a [Maven Wrapper](https://github.com/takari/maven-wrapper). This feature is useful for developers
to build and test the project with the same version that Camunda uses. It's also useful for developers that don't want
to install Maven at all. By executing the `mvnw` script (Unix), or `mvnw.cmd` script (Windows), a Maven distro will be 
downloaded and installed in the `$USER_HOME/.m2/wrapper/dists` folder of the system. You can check the download URL in
the [.mvn/wrapper/maven-wrapper.properties](.mvn/wrapper/maven-wrapper.properties) file.

The Maven Wrapper requires Maven commands to be executed from the root of the project. As the Camunda Platform project
is a multi-module (Maven Reactor) project, this is also a good best practice to apply.

> To build the whole project, or just a module, one of the following commands may be executed:

Reviewer: Let's use active voice 😃 

```suggestion
To build the whole project or just a module, execute one of the following commands:
```
